[TW-1448] Desktop app install nudges (#5177)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/first-steps/get-postman.md

    url:  "https://academy.postman.com/path/api-beginner"
---

> **[Download the Postman app for macOS, Windows, or Linux.](https://www.postman.com/downloads/)**

Postman is the API platform for using, building, and testing APIs. You can use the Postman desktop app to power every part of your API lifecycle:

* Send requests with the Postman API client, including HTTP, GraphQL, and gRPC requests.
* Design, build, and document APIs.
* Test and monitor your API's functionality and performance.
* Organize your work and collaborate with your team on API development.
* Discover new APIs and build visual API-driven applications.

To get started, download and install the latest version of the Postman desktop app. Visit the [Download Postman page](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) and select the option for your operating system. Postman is available as a native desktop app for macOS (Intel or Apple silicon), Windows (Intel 32-bit or 64-bit), and Linux (64-bit).

> > **Need more help getting the Postman app?** Check out [Installing and updating Postman](/docs/getting-started/installation/installation-and-updates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Need more help getting the Postman app?** Check out [Install and update Postman](/docs/getting-started/installation/installation-and-updates/).
```
